when it comes to settles in pivot tables,
the default aggregation applied for settles is a summation.
So,
for example,
here the subtitle here on product one is basically the summation here for all the sales
done for sales persons that sold product one so you can see her.
1,095,430 is the summation poor?
The sales for all the salespersons that sold product one,
however,
were able to apply more aggregations on the sub totals.
So we're able to have account or an average,
and were able to add multiple subtitles as well at the same time.
So let me show you how we can do that.
So we're going to go to the field that has the subtitle that we need to change here on the
field list.
So we're gonna go to the product name because this is the subtitle that we need to change,
click on it and then go to the field settings.
And then here we've got some options.
Under sub totals of filters,
you got automatic.
Automatic is basically the summation.
Some is the automatic subtitle is applied and we've got none which would remove the sub
total and with custom and custom opens more options for us.
Here on a zika sear,
we can add some count average max men product all these guns of subtitles and were able to
add them at the same time as well.
So we can click on one and then press and hold the control button on our keyboard and then
click more.
Subtitles that we need to add I'm gonna add some count,
average max and men all of the same time.
And if we press okay,
here,
you can see area that we've got different sub totals.
Add it to our subtitles.
So this is a great way if you need to include multiple settles at the same time multiple
different sub totals at the same time quickly.